so the decisions that I make on a daily basis convey very based on the
situation at hand, right? So, for example, as the LCP o of the U. S.
Division, there's times that I have to deal with the sailors personal
and professional development. For example, a sailor might come in
and say that he has. He's having family issues or needs to get his
wife's car registered. How does he go about doing that? So I gotta
help him out with that A piece of work then Other times I might be getting
tasking from our Commodore, even our admiral, a TyCom that's
wanting to see where we're moving forward with developing certain programs
for the U. D community, especially the X m, c m community and
mine countermeasures. So it varies from some of the very small minute
personal face to face things all the way up to a higher level of
examples working with Commodores and had admirals across the force